docs(*:skip) Update Docker documentation (#3722)
adap/flower: doc/source/contributor-how-to-build-docker-images.rst

   $ docker build \
     --build-arg PYTHON_VERSION=3.11.0 \
     --build-arg FLWR_VERSION=|current_flwr_version| \
     --build-arg PIP_VERSION=|pip_version| \
     --build-arg SETUPTOOLS_VERSION=|setuptools_version| \
     -t flwr_base:0.1.0 .

> The name of image is ``flwr_base`` and the tag ``0.1.0``. Remember that the build arguments as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we specify our image name as ``flwr_base`` and the tag as ``0.1.0``. Remember that the build arguments as well
```

   * - ``BASE_IMAGE``
     - The Tag of the Flower base image.
     - Yes
     - :substitution-code:`|stable_flwr_version|-py3.11-ubuntu|ubuntu_version|`

For example, to build a SuperLink image with the latest Flower version, Python 3.11 and Ubuntu 22.04, run the following:

.. code-block:: bash
   :substitutions:

   $ cd src/docker/superlink
   $ docker build \

>      --build-arg BASE_IMAGE=|stable_flwr_version|-py3.10-ubuntu22.04 \

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be the following? The text before says Python 3.11
```suggestion
     --build-arg BASE_IMAGE=|stable_flwr_version|-py3.11-ubuntu22.04 \
```

   * - ``BASE_IMAGE``
     - The Tag of the Flower base image.
     - Yes

>      - :substitution-code:`|current_flwr_version|-py3.10-ubuntu|ubuntu_version|`

Author: We also have 3.10 SuperNode images but not for the SuperLink image. I agree we should use 3.11 👍

The following example creates a SuperLink/SuperNode or ServerApp image with the official Flower
base image:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ cd src/docker/<superlink|supernode|serverapp>/
   $ docker build \
     --build-arg BASE_IMAGE=<FLOWER-VERSION>-py<PY-VERSION>-<DISTRIBUTION and VERSION> \
     -t flwr_superlink:0.1.0 .

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to build a SuperLink image with the latest Flower version, Python 3.11 and Ubuntu 22.04, run the following:

.. code-block:: bash
   :substitutions:

   $ cd src/docker/superlink
   $ docker build \ 
     --build-arg BASE_IMAGE=|current_flwr_version|-py3.10-ubuntu22.04 \
     -t flwr_superlink:0.1.0 .
```

This makes it easier for readers to execute the command with click+copy+paste.

If you want to use your own base image instead of the official Flower base image, all you need to do

> is set the ``BASE_REPOSITORY`` build argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is set the ``BASE_REPOSITORY`` build argument to ``flwr_base`` (as we've specified above).
```
